power pride and Hedonism yeah that's a
that's
a yeah absolutely well if you make your
sexual identity paramounts
like you've identified the eye with with
the impulse essentially with the whim
right because sex is a whim like
obviously now does it rule well what
what is it that you are if sex
rules you're the wolf that's for
sure that's for sure and a wolf to
yourself too so you know when you see
this ambivalence on the left because on
the one hand anything goes in all forms
of sexuality are to be like celebrated
worshiped essentially because
celebration and worship are the same
thing yet sex is so dangerous especially
between like members of a young
heterosexual pair that absolutely every
single bit of it has to be regulated
right to the last word it's like well
you Lous breath reads tyranny that's why
the of Babylon is on the great
Scarlet beast of the state at the end of
time tell me exactly what that means
when you break it down well imagine that
when masculinity degenerates the state
pathologizes the patriarchy pathologizes
well what happens to
females they pathologize too well where
do how do they pathologize in the
direction of disinhibited
sexuality
so 35% of internet traffic is
pornographic yeah but that's not driven
by women that's driven by men it's
driven by Bloody women too whoa parading
themselves absolutely it might be like
there's no shortage of electronic pimps
and desperate Engineers let's say but
that doesn't mean the women who engage
in that are Innocent by any stretch of
the imagination they're they're uh
they're doing the same thing with their
sexuality that that that the that people
granted the talent of intelligence do
with their with their with their gift
look at me it's
like no no wrong wrong those women
online displaying themselves they're
succubi they're not human you're a fool
if you think that's human you're a fool
at minimum it's a machine human hybrid
a woman doesn't appear in a million
places at the same time whatever that is
that's not a
woman yeah what do you make of the only
fans dynamic between men and women the
more I look at this more I'm getting
freaked out there was a a woman named
you have to stop looking then that
looking at it truly through a research
lens but uh B deline I believe is her
name uh back in 2020 she sold 10 m
million pounds worth of her bath
water oh that's perfect the of
Babylon has a cup full of liquid by the
way in Gold a gold cup full of liquid
that she offers the world really
absolutely absolutely absolutely look at
how wonderful this is it's actually what
does it say in the Book of Revelations
it's filled with the filth of her
Abominations God perfect so what is that
it's people wanting to consume that
thing they can't have that they have
idolized of course of of course it's it
it's it's people wanting to consume the
thing that is denied to them because
they hid their light under a
bushel because they hid uh they hid who
they could become from themselves and
never pursued it sure and so they're not
attractive to themselves or anyone else
absolutely okay yes that's for sure
oh yes brutal brutal BR you've got women
uh ascending to a position of power
that weird dynamic of
postmodernism uh they've been given a
gift of being able to persuade men
through their beauty to do what they
will to get the attention that they want
now as a mechanical hybrid they're able
to appear in tens of thousands hundreds
of thousand millions of places sit on
the chests of men and take their Essence
from them and then men are hiding their
potential away from themselves they're
punished for but that then that gives
them an excuse for not doing it cuz they
think well I'm going to the young guys
let's say who decide to be useless you
know some of it's genuine response to
not being encouraged and to being
punished some of it is but some of it
it's pretty convenient it's like you
don't have to put your cross on your
shoulder it's like no one wants me to do
that anyways it's like well yeah that
that's always been the case and I mean
in some ways you know there's there's
new impediments to
striding forward confidently but there's
always been
impediments you it's so interesting so I
uh I train anybody that will
listen uh that you need to have beliefs
in your life and since facts are
overwhelming it's not about recognizing
what's true it's about recognizing
what's useful is how I think of it uh so
you have a set of beliefs you have a set
of values so you have hierarchy what
matters in relationship to the right end
that's correct a th% which is why I you
have to have a goal and that goal needs
to be honorable so You' got you see so
the thing is that's where your God lies
your God Li while your God lies in the
ineffable of in the ineffable extent of
what you regard as useful so imagine
that useful tilts in a in a direction
the sum total of all that would of all
that would be most properly useful the
essence of that that's the god that's
the implicit God yeah I'm realizing I
have built from the ground up a system
that is designed to do all the things
that religion does it's really
interesting this to me is it's
fascinating because whenever you
discover the same thing from multiple
different disciplines you can be pretty
sure you're converging on the truth
because everybody's just going what
actually works uh but the last thing the
last part of my cocktail is rules so you
need rules in your life basically there
need to be things that you don't do um
I'm that's good that's good that's
exactly right that's that's where cons
so you could imagine the spirit of God
in the Old Testament makes himself
manifest in two forms
calling and conscience and conscience is
that what you just described it's like
the guard rails it's like you're going
off the path you know so there's fences
and warnings on the conscience side but
it's the same thing and that it's the
dynamic between this is what happens in
the movie
Pinocchio so Pinocchio is called out
into the world his father is benevolent
a benevolent Creator that's japedo he's
called out into the world to make
himself manifest to realize himself to
become real and there's two things that
attract him he wants to go out and learn
and have his Adventure that's the
calling and but that has to be alligned
with the conscience and the reason for
that is the calling alone gets him in
trouble like first of all it entices him
to becoming a narcissistic Psychopathic
manipulative actor that's when he's on
stage right then it entices him into
lying to get away with things and to get
what he wants so that's another
extension that manipulation that it
entices him to become neurotic enough so
that he can take a permanent holiday
then he goes to Pleasure Island where he
can engage in Hedonism that's where the
slavers are right and so he needs that's
what that's what just the calling alone
you know will take him places that are
attractive but not appropriate you need
a conscience along for the ride and
that's Jiminy Cricut right and Jiminy
Cricket is is what bugs
you exactly yes and so that's one of the
places you can find your destiny is in
what bothers you there's going to be an
array of things that make themselves
manifest to you as callings of your
conscience those are problems those are
your problems why is that your problem
it's like well can you stop thinking
about it does it bug you all the time
well hey there you go that's your
destiny right where does this all go
you've got Canada has declined
economically you guys are now making 60%
of what Americans are making China we
can do worse than that with work oh
Jesus let's hope not uh China is
watching everything everybody does
they're Way Beyond
1984 2024 in the US is uh it's
terrifying the election does it actually
build up the Civil War I don't know yep
UK you've got conflict Russia Ukraine
you've got conflict Israel you got the
farmers in Europe yeah like where does
this
go depends on on how many of us shoulder
our crosses and walk
uphill I I really mean that like we're
at that
point wake up figure out which side
you're on if you were a betting man what
odds do you give
um US Civil War what odds do you give
World War
II well
we we're already in World War II
so I'd give that 100% how far will it go
depends on how stiff necked we
are right so the Egyptian Tyrant is
visited by is it 10 plagues the last
plague is the destruction of the future
itself that's the death of the firstborn
so you know it depends on how hard we
have to be hit before we wake up and
there's no end to that you know I mean
God destroys the whole world in a
flood you know that never happened it's
like how about it's happening all the
time how about it's happened forever
it's happening now it will happen
forever how high does the water have to
rise till people
learn and what does it mean to learn
well this is why I'm a psychologist not
a politician or a theologian to whatever
degree I lay pretend to that someone
concerned with spiritual matters let's
say psychological
matters Redemption is a matter of
individual determination so that's why I
operate at the big level of the
individual how far will we have to go
depends on how many sins you decide to
continue
harboring how are you connected how is
that decision connected to the destiny
of the
world we all bear the world on our
shoulders
how how can that be
true here's one way of thinking about
it how much better would the people
around you be if you were
better some
obviously what's the ultimate extent of
that what if you were everything you
could
be that's what you're called upon to be
you're called upon want to be everything
you can be why not least because the try
getting through the world without doing
it then you'll end up in the position of
Cain you didn't offer your best you'll
be rejected by man woman and God and
yourself and then what then you're
bitter then you're fratricidal then
you're murderous then you're
genocidal then the flood comes or you
erect the Tower of
Babel always the same and now you can
see it like it's just right
there why because it's happening so fast
if you like that clip check out the full
powerful episode here and I'll see you
there